hey guys in this video you guys
again a cdu preview for you and
Although it's about live wallpaper live
wallpaper is available for free and
What you can do with it I show
you now live wallpaper adds to yours
iphone an active or extended
background if we
now our pages respectively
Scroll past pages we too
automatically the background with that
means we have a bigger one
background can be said that way
you probably already know this
from android
that's just what the app makes this
and now let's just take a look at the app
times off to the fact has here
another icon on the homescreen
and second, here's a four-petalled one
simply click the cloverleaf and yes if
we just have to open the whole of it
beginning with a small page here
with paper and two fields two
Fields lead us once with the first
field to our photo albums by
just choose a wallpaper
and in the second field the second field
leads us directly to celia where to watch
live wallpaper is searched for and thus
as an option we have more
wallpaper for live wallpaper
download
In any case, we have it here
again settings and indeed rampage
disable and enable the problem
here this app adds us to that
now that is the problem but all
Just this app adds us here like that
Add a blank page and yes that is
now also nice and good only the problem
is if we disable that again
want to use these settings gmt pages
disable and go to the homescreen yes
how does the iphone start?
at least it is as if I am reese
brings and comes in safe mode
You can call this here this button
not disable this unfortunately that is
Now I find problematic where I am
It can apologize because this app only
few days old
and so probably come
updates here, we also see it live
Wallpaper 1.1 will likely
updated and so this bug fixed
is no problem
as I said, if you have your own
Add wallpaper from the photo albums
I wanted then I did not know that
exact size but twice as wide
how to be a normal wallpaper and if
if you do not meet these requirements
is equivalent to a terror and that
does not work
best you just go in cydia and
download this wallpaper here
then you can do it all the same
times s.pc just look at my in
photoshop or paint what i know
just open the size
watch and maybe even yourself
create a wallpaper
Of course that's a creative one now
work my own work you
Just do it if you want
otherwise have a few as I said
You can download wallpaper here
and now I show you like you
all gets her going to
of course in cydia and just looking
after live wallpaper i 'm leaving my year
Updates are quite far here
should be above live wallpaper
proof there is live wallpaper so
as it was written just after live
Install wallpaper search install
and then you have the whole thing too
already here we see compatible again
with ios 5 16 and of course on
my iphone 5 you see and that
I thank you already for
see
you if you liked the video today
Of course you can rate and
comment and if you are not new
you want to miss this video
youtube-channel like to subscribe me
follow twitter or my facebook
fanpage licon until then skin in